What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository you create a .git file in the directory. This tells the file system to treat the directory as a git repo and not a regular directory. However, it does not make a git commit so that must be done manually.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a but of an "intermediate" between the working directory and the repository. It allows us to separate between items in our working directory and items we want to commit to git.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Using the staging area we can add only the code we want to commit. Using git diff --staged we can compare the staging area to our git repo to see the changes we are about to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would help when dealing with localizations of software or creating experimental features. They're also useful when having multiple people working on code together. This allows us to freely work on the code without worrying about breaking stuff.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams illustrate the branch structure, showing where they were created and where they merge. It also helps us see which commits (if any) may be lost due to not being part of a branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging branches combines the changes introduced by the two branches. We can represent it in the diagram by connecting the ends of the branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Git's automatic merging makes updating changes much faster. However, we can run into merge conflicts which require manual input. It's good that Git catches conflicts though as not doing so could break code.
